# LoS Data Inspiration

While working with new technologies and frameworks, I decided that the best way for me to learn, comprehend, and really grasp some new concepts is to learn by building. This repo is a collection of tools used to work with and solve problems surrounding the data generated by the mobile game, "Legend of Solgard" by Snowprint Studios.

Legend of Solgard is a simple, yet surprisingly complex game with a lot of depth for those who go searching for it. However, being a mobile game, there's not much in terms of web accessible tools, game information, stats, and exposed data available outside of the data found in the game while on mobile devices. The tools in this repo give myself and other community players a deeper way to engage with the game. Additionally, they provide me with a way to build and develop a real application meant to solve real life puzzles and develop an application putting newly learned skills into action.

## Snowprint Studios Ambassador

As a Snowprint Studios Ambassador, I've coordinated with community reps, and developers at the game studio since early 2019 providing insights into, defects, gameplay feedback, and beta testing voluntarily. The studio is aware of the tools I have built, and my tools have directly influenced some changes that were implemented in the game to help players.

### Frameworks, Tools, and Technologies:

While this is not an exhaustive and comprehensive list of technologies found within the repository, I have worked with the following to build tools surrounding the game:

- NodeJS, Javascript, Typescript
- AWS Services: (S3, Lambda, API Gateway, DynamoDB, SQS, SNS, EventBridge)
- Serverless Framework
- Discord, Discord APIs, DiscordJS
- Google APIs
- React, Redux, SemanticUI
- Docker
- ... and more...

### Tools built around the game:

- Data Extraction Services to track the following:
  - Guild Events
  - Dungeon Battle Scores
  - Player Activity and Progression
  - Leaderboard Tracking
- Discord Bots used daily by hundreds of players allowing on demand Data Analysis.
- A collaboratively built online database of Units' stats, abilities, and more.
- A web Translation Tool for the 19 available languages supported by the game for the global community.
